Tioga is a library for overset grid assembly on parallel distributed systems
Copyright (C) 2015 Jay Sitaraman

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA

Contact:

Jay Sitaraman
Parallel Geometric Algorithms LLC
814 S Mary Ave,
Sunnyvale,
CA 94087

jsitaraman@gmail.com
(301) 741 3216TIOGA - Topology Independent Overset Grid Assmebler

Functionality:
--------------

TIOGA can perform overset grid connectivity in 3-D between
multiple unstructured (or structured) meshes that are in a distributed
computing environment, i.e. each mesh is partitioned in to multiple
parts. It can accept high-order call-back functions to perform p-consistent
interpolation and searches for formulations with internal degrees of freedom
within a computational element.

Limitations:
------------

(1) Each process must own only one partition
(2) Each partition should be homogeneous, i.e it should have parts of
    only one of the meshes

Authored by Jay Sitaraman 
jsitaraman@gmail.com
(301) 741 3216

Notes:
------

TIOGA is free software since it was developed in the personal
time of the author. It is expected to serve as an academic/research 
counterpart for PUNDIT (which is the product of the CREATE A/V program
and is export controlled). TIOGA has a subset of the functionality of 
PUNDIT and is about 3x slower owing to the use of Alternating Digital Tree (ADT)
searches as the baseline point-location algorithm.

See tioga/LICENSE


References:
-----------

Brazell, M., Sitaraman J. and Mavriplis D.,"An Overset Mesh Approach for 3D Mixed
Element High Order Discretizations", Proceedings of 2014 Overset Grid Symposium,
Atlanta, GA, Oct 6-9, 2014.
http://2014.oversetgridsymposium.org/assets/presentations/3_1/Brazell_ogs_2014.pdf

Roget, B. and Sitaraman, J., "Robust and efficient overset grid assembly for partitioned unstructured meshes", Journal of Computational Physics, v 260, March 2014, Pages 1-24

